README.md, before:

# discord-bot

A simple Discord Bot

## Features

- Add default role to the newcomers
- Remove "initial" role from newcomers at the moment they choose a role manually at the server.

## How to use

- You'll need to create a bot at [Discord Developers's user dashboard](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
- You can find proper help creating your bot by clicking [here](https://discordjs.guide/preparations/setting-up-a-bot-application.html#creating-your-bot)
- Certify that your bot have the right privileged gateway intent [**Server Members Intent**](https://gist.github.com/advaith1/e69bcc1cdd6d0087322734451f15aa2f#what-are-these-privileged-intents-needed-for)
- You have to add the right .env variables regarding to the Discord channels. For this project purpose you'll need to add:
  - DISCORD_LOG_CHANNEL_ID → used to register the members role updates
  - DISCORD_GUILD_ID → your channel id
  - DISCORD_ROLE_DEFAULT → Default role added to the newcomers, name it as you wish
  - DISCORD_CHANNEL_QUITTERS → Channel to register the name of the users that left the server

That's all!
Now you just have to run your server loccally or deploy it to somewhere you want and you're ready to go.
Enjoy! <br/><br/>

##### Made with 💜 by [Jhonatan](https://github.com/jhonatanjunio)

Commit message:

rewriting the readme file updating the .env.example changing the default/customisable variables and putting them at .env.example

README.md, after:

# Deviscord

A Discord bot made from a web developer to web developers! The goal is to challenge your skills about the basics (or even the advanced stuff!)

## Features

- You can define a routine that launches random quizes about web development directly to your Discord server! With a few steps your bot will challenge the members based on the difficulty and subjects you define! You can read more at [https://quizapi.io/docs/1.0/overview](https://quizapi.io/docs/1.0/overview).
- There is a leveling system implemented to as well a ranking system! Show your users the best among them. You can change the "title" based on how fast the users answers the quizes. Use the command `/profile` while your bot is running to flex 😎

## How to use

- You'll need to create a bot at [Discord Developers's user dashboard](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
- You can find proper help creating your bot by clicking [here](https://discordjs.guide/preparations/setting-up-a-bot-application.html#creating-your-bot)
- You'll need to generate an API KEY at QuizAPI by accessing [this link](https://quizapi.io/clientarea/settings/token)
- Certify that your bot have the right privileged gateway intent [**Server Members Intent**](https://gist.github.com/advaith1/e69bcc1cdd6d0087322734451f15aa2f#what-are-these-privileged-intents-needed-for)
- You have to add the right .env variables regarding the Discord channels. For this project purpose you'll need to add: 
  - `DISCORD_TOKEN` → your Discord Token
  - `DISCORD_GUILD_ID` → your channel id
  - `DISCORD_CHANNEL_QUIZ_ID` → Channel ID where the Quiz happen
  - `QUIZ_API_TOKEN` → your QuizAPI token
<br><br>
- Feel free to customize the following ENV variables:
  - `QUIZ_DEFAULT_TIMEZONE` → Timezone set for your schedule records
  - `QUIZ_DEFAULT_SCHEDULE` → Cron formatted date for your quiz to run. e.g: "0 8 * * Monday-Friday"
  - `QUIZ_DEFAULT_RANKING_SCHEDULE` → Cron formatted date for your ranking to run. "0 11 * * Friday"
  - `QUIZ_DEFAULT_QUESTIONS_QTY` → Amount of quizes your users can reply a day. e.g: 3
  - `QUIZ_DEFAULT_CATEGORY` → The subject of the quizes users can reply. e.g: "Code". Refer to: [https://quizapi.io/docs/1.0/category](https://quizapi.io/docs/1.0/category)
  
## TODOs
  - There is nothing done regarding the translation. Bot responses are all in Brazilian Portuguese.
  - Code documentation is poor.
  - Tests are not implemented too.
  - Visual interface for a better admin experience.

That's all!
Now you just have to run your server loccally or deploy it to somewhere you want, and you're ready to go.
Enjoy! <br/><br/>

##### Made with 💜 by [Jhonatan](https://github.com/jhonatanjunio)
